---
layout: post
title: "2 Weeks on the South Island of New Zealand"
date: 2017-03-06
thumbnail: DSC_0327.jpg
---

For 2 weeks before we started school at Auckland University, my friend Zora and I spent 2 weeks roadtripping throughout the South Island of New Zealand. Here, I will be sharing the highs and lows of one of the most unforgettable experiences I've ever had. 

Day 0
---
We started our trip by taking a short 1 hour flight from Auckland to Christchurch, where we would begin and end our travels. We were delayed at the airport because of troubles with our rental car but eventually picked up our Lil Jucy, a humble Fiat Punto, and started adjusting to life on the opposite side of the road. We purchased a tent on trade.me (similar to Craigslist) and were able to pick it up before driving over to our hostel (the first one that we both had ever stayed at!). We only had a few short hours before it got dark but we got some delicious Thai food and walked throughout the City Centre. As we had heard from many others, Christchurch is a city still under major construction after the devastating earthquake in 2011 and while I felt a lot of hope for the potential this city carried, I also felt quite a bit of sadness. In addition, it was also a Tuesday, so many businesses were closed early. However, on one particular street, we saw several small restaurants open. We wondered why so many people were out on a weeknight until we realized it was Valentine's Day. We got gelato to console ourselves for not being able to celebrate the holiday. 

Day 1
---
We began the day by visiting Countdown, one of the major grocery store chains, and planning meals that didn't require refrigeration or hot water. We mostly stocked up on bread, tuna, granola bars, and rice crackers. It was quite somber, honestly. We enjoyed our "last supper" at Denny's and then started on the road. Our very first stop was Lake Tekapo, which was an incredible way to kick off our trip. The lake's unique shade of blue made it one of my favorite lakes in the whole South Island. We discovered in our guide book that there were nearby hot springs, so we spent a few hours enjoying the varying temperatures of the Tekapo Springs that overlooked the lake. We hopped back into the car to drive to Mt. Cook before sundown. On the way, we stopped at Lake Pukaki and were lucky enough to see Mt. Cook from the lakeside. An hour later, we were in Mt. Cook National Park, preparing for our first night of camping. As the sun went down, we started to see the stars appear and were blown away. Little did we know that in just a few short minutes, millions more stars would appear, a night 