---
layout: post
title: "2 Weeks on the South Island of New Zealand"
date: 2017-03-06
thumbnail: DSC_0327.jpg
---

For 2 weeks before we started school at Auckland University, my friend Zora and I spent 2 weeks roadtripping throughout the South Island of New Zealand. This is an overview of our itinerary, including photos, tips, and stories.

Day 0
---
We started our trip by flying down to Christchurch from Auckland. We were delayed because of troubles with our rental car but eventually made it to our hostel (the first one that we both had ever stayed at!). We only had a few short hours but we got some delicious Thai food and walked throughout the City Centre. It was a Tuesday, so many businesses were closed except on one particular street. We wondered why so many people were out and then we realized it was Valentine's Day. We got gelato to console ourselves for not being able to celebrate the holiday. 

Day 1
---
We started off the day by visiting Countdown, one of the major grocery store chains, and buying food items that didn't require refrigeration or hot water. We mostly stocked up on bread, tuna, granola bars, and rice crackers. Quite sad, honestly. We enjoyed our "last supper" at Denny's and then started on the road. Our very first stop was Lake Tekapo, which was an incredible way to start our trip. The lake's unique shade of blue made it one of my favorite sights from the whole trip. We discovered in our guide book that there were nearby hot springs, so we spent a few hours enjoying the varying temperatures of the Tekapo Springs that overlooked the lake.